Added in serial driver for odroid c4 and multiplexer. Created example… (#3)
au-ts/sDDF: examples/serial_two_client/README.md

# Odroid-C4 serial example

This is an example to show multiple clients being used with the Odroid-C4 UART driver.

> The register map can be found in sDDF/serial/drivers/hardkernel/include/serial.h.

Reviewer: I don't think this is needed actually

The relevant documentation can be found online at: https://dn.odroid.com/S905X3/ODROID-C4/Docs/S905X3_Public_Datasheet_Hardkernel.pdf.

## Building

```     
$ make BUILD_DIR=<path/to/build> \
SEL4CP_SDK=<path/to/core/platform/sdk> \
SEL4CP_CONFIG=(benchmark/release/debug)
```

## Running/using

> Load the loader.img outputted in the build directory onto an Odroid-C4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the image, load the `build/loader.img` binary onto an Odroid-C4.
```
